# hill-coding-quiz

The homework assignment for the week was to create a coding quiz using JavaScript.  For the first few steps, I tried to layout the page with different elements and then create variables to create those elements in JavaScript.  For the next step, I added a timer that started when the Start Quiz button was clicked (using addEventListener).  From here, I created functions to change the pages based on the Start Quiz button and High Score link and added an if statement to the timer function so that it went to the submit score page when the timer hit zero.  Aesthetics were added to give it more of a "code" theme.

Once this foundation was built, I spent quite a bit of time just trying to figure out how to log the scores.  Converting and object and its properties into a string to be displayed on the high score page proved to be a lot more difficult than expected.  I eventually got it to work but this is where I started to really hit a road block.  I was able to get the most recent submitted score to play but could not figure out how to store scores on the local storage and retrieve it so that all submitted scores saved on the page.

There were a few other issues that I couldn't troubleshoot in time.  The questions, while random, repeat sometimes instead of randomly selecting a question while looping the array.  An if statement was created to stop the timer and move to the submit score page based on if time left = 0 or if the question count = question array length, but both proved faulty when answers were clicked to quickly.  Sometimes the timer would jump to a negative number (even when an if statement was created to change timer to zero when a wrong answer was selected instead of subtracting 10).  Sometimes it would not switch to the submit score page when four questions were answered quick enough so the quiz could keep going.  Among a few other things.

Needless to say, it's a bit of a mess, but a start nonetheless.  I definitely plan on resubmitting this for grading as there are still a number of criteria to meet and glitches to work out.